hi everybody alright so I recently made
an order with silk Naturals and I got
seven new lip items to try out because
they are a really good price and I
really like silk Naturals lip products
um so I got some formulas I haven't
tried before the kisser slickers which
are a flavored lip gloss that come in a
stick form and I tried the slick Stix
um which to me are kind of like
reminiscence of like a lip butter like a
tinted lip butter so they're nice and
moisturizing and they have a great color
selection and it's really good for those
of you who want to try color but don't
want full-on opaque lipstick and you
just want like a nice tint to color and
then I got three more of the organic
lipsticks which I have owned and have
already tried so I got three new colors
to try out and I'm really excited I am
wearing one right now it's crimson and
in this video I decided to go ahead and
give you guys swatches on my hand as
well as do a lip swatch I got this idea
from my good friend Sir I sincerely sir
I see I'm gonna link her video down
below cuz she just did a lip swatch
video of silk Naturals lippies and she
did such an excellent job I have no
we're as good as her I didn't do as
close-up because my lips are really dry
right now um but I hope this video was
helpful anyways I will have the prices
of everything listed in the video so
that way when you see them on my lips do
you'll see what they are the name and
the price on the silk Naturals website
if you have not tried self naturals I
highly suggest it they are really
affordable a nice natural brand their
cruelty free of course and you just they
have amazing items like they are coming
to be one of my favorite makeup brands
and I just love everything I have ever
tried for them so if you're interested
in watching this video where I give you
some swatches and show you the lipsticks
I picked up as well as lip swatches then
just keep watching and just coming now
okay so this first color I have on is
Clanton Stein and this
is a kisser slicker it's a flavor
lipgloss I don't know if I really pick
up any flavor this here is just like a
nice peachy color it does have a little
bit of a pink shimmer to it this next
color is called birthday suit this is
described like as a perfect nude I was
quite surprised when I put this on
however because it has a lot more purple
Mabi tones to it and it's a lot darker
than I was anticipating it to be I also
do have pretty pigmented lips so that
could account to it here's a swatch of
it here so it's a brownie nude and does
have like the mob undertones as well so
this is birthday suit kisser slicker
next is a slick stick and this isn't
Strawberry Fields lipsticks are a little
bit more like a jelly um transparent
kind of color I would kind of compare
these to like a Revlon lip butter so
this is Strawberry Fields and it is a
bright red but it has a jelly finish
this actually really reminds me of the
candy apple from the Revlon lip butters
there's a swatch of it there and that is
what it looks like on next in that same
formula from the slick sticks of the
color shock and this is a bright pink
color there's a swatch of it there it's
just a nice bright fuchsia pink that's
very wearable perfect for everyday you
can see your natural lips shining
through these Phillie they're going to
be really nice and moisturizing and I
really like the color payoff and I
really like the color of this one
especially for spring and summer I feel
like she's like a perfect nice bright
pink that is wearable it's been moving
into the three lipsticks I picked up
these are gonna be righter more
pigmented in color because there are
actual lipsticks first color I have on
is called rapturous and this is a
beautiful berry mint
yeah this is a beautiful mid-tone berry
it is a little bit warm but it also has
a hint of blue purple notes to it so
it's gonna make your teeth look whiter
as well and this is just a beautiful
color I could tell I'm going to love it
all year round and in the fall it's
going to be one of those nice deep rich
berries here it is there
next color is called bravado so you can
see this is a more deep intense berry
color it has a lot more of like a
raspberry pink tone to it um it has a
nice glossy shine to it as well but it
feels like it's going to stay put and
there it is compared that was rapturous
and this is bravado so you can see
bravado has a lot more pink tones in it
and it's a really nice dark pink toned
berry alright my last lipstick I'm here
to show you is called crimson crimson is
a beautiful nice perfect wearable read
it is on the it's a it's a neutral red
it does have a little bit of cool tone
in there so that's gonna help your teeth
look a little bit wider rather than a
really orange red where that couldn't
sometimes bring out the yellow in your
teeth I feel like it's a nice neutral
run it's supposed to be the perfect
iconic red and it's supposed to be a
dupe for max Ruby whoo
this one did go on really nicely it's
nice and pigmented there's a swatch of
it there and I just a classic red to me
is just everything I love a red lipstick
and I really wanted to find a
replacement for my tart one alright so
that is my haul video I hope you guys
found this helpful
this is the first time doing like the
lip swatches in a video so I may not be
perfect at this but if you guys like
these type of videos if it's helpful to
see it on me rather than just like a
swatch on my hand then let me know a
thumbs it up and I will do more of these
then hopefully with time I will just get
better and better at it anyways thank
you guys so much for watching
hearts you guys all bye everybody